Depending on the type of job you have, the amount of training that you've
done before really comes into play into whether you can get that
job later on or not. So you can start your career without any type
of training, and the military provides all the training for you. There
are other STEM jobs, for instance if you wanna go to NASA, if you
want to work at DARPA, like really high level places like that, that
you need a degree. You have to have a bachelor's of science something
that's accredited by an institution to even be considered for the
job at all. So in that case, your training is definitely required.
Not only do you need a degree that says that you can do the job, but
you're gonna be tested and grilled during the interview process where
they're going to see if you learned the thing that your degree says
that you do know. So in those cases it's very hard to have that
degree. Middle jobs in between, it varies. They're gonna really grill
you pretty hard during the interview process with questions that you
don't really know about. Simple questions and hard questions. The
simple questions of course they're going to want you to know, the harder
questions what they're looking for is the way that you're trying
to solve the problem. They're not going to expect you to know, maybe
you'd have to be seasoned to know it, and they want to see the way
that the question stews in your mind. They want to see if you know
how to attack the problem, and if you know to ask them the right questions,
to ask your teammates the right questions, so that they can
provide you with the answers so you can finally come up with a solution.
If you can't, you don't have a structure in your mind, then you
probably won't get the job. So for those types of jobs, you just
have to have a basic introduction and you learn the rest on the job
during your work experience there.